{OK, so I'm going to share this
screen. OK, so today we're going
to start off with a complex
scene, so.}
{So you're about to see a
complex scene. Imagine you are
describing the scene to someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what is happening.}
{And what you see in the scene
as thoroughly as possible. And
then to take between 3 to 5
minutes to describe the scene.
And now I will share.}
{Now I will share my screen
with.}
{You could begin when you're
ready.}
#START_deep_sea_diver This is a
scene that is mostly underwater.
There are a lot of people in the
scene.
It's very, very busy. It's very
bright.
Under the water there are lots
of people swimming.
There are lots of men wearing
swim trunks. Some of them are
red and white stripes, some are
blue and white striped.
There are mermaids, and the
mermaids have blonde hair and
green tails.
There are lots of sea creatures.
There's an octopus. There are
many fish.
There's a swordfish, there are
sharks.
There are some.
Very large fish that are.
Three or four times bigger than
the people.
There is.
Large purple fish.
On the bottom.
With big teeth.
There's lots of brightly colored
coral and underwater.
And.
Growth seaweed. Some is yellow,
some is green, some is red.
Umm.
In the scene, a lot of the
swimmers have harpoons and are
chasing.
The fish in some of the
interactions the fish have.
Grabbed the the Harpoon or the
net from the swimmer and is
chasing them.
Then above the water there are
lots and lots of small boats
that hold.
Two to six people and each of
the boats has either a line
running from it underwater with
an anchor, or it has people
fishing from the boat and there
are lots of.
Pretty much mostly men in the
boats.
Wearing green striped and blue
striped and red striped.
Clothing, vests and shorts.
In the background of the picture
above the water, there are lots
of.
Protruding rocks from the bottom
of the ocean.
One of them has men fishing off
of it. One of them has.
Umm.
About 8 mermaids sitting on it
with.
A man with a Triton.
There is a whale above the water
trying to swallow one of the
smaller boats.
The sea is relatively calm.
There aren't any waves.
It's cloudy in the sky.
The bottom of the ocean is sandy
with some rocks, but you can see
a lot of sand.
Some there are a lot of small
fish and some of the small fish
are swimming in.
They're making different designs
when they swim. There's a smiley
there are some arrows.
Some of the fish are swimming
together to make the outline of
a very large fish.
There are some silly and
fanciful fish in the picture.
There's a a fish with the head
of a cat, like a catfish.
There's a 2 headed fish.
There are some eels that have
tied themselves together in a
knot.
There are jellyfish and one of
the jellyfish that it's body is
actually shaped like a.
Like a jello mold that you would
see on a table for people to
eat.
There's a shark that has a an
actual saw.
On the end of it, like it's a
sawfish.
Some of the people are standing
on the bottom, but most of them
are swimming.
Some of them have snorkel masks.
#END_deep_sea_divers But a lot
of them don't.
{Next we have another complex
scene.}
{And I'm going to put this
into.}
{Present mode. So same thing
that we just did. Describe what
you see in the picture.}
#START_exhibit-12 This is a
scene of what appears to be an
art gallery or a museum.
There are at least three stories
of the of the building visible,
and it's the interior of the
building. The walls are red and
there are lots and lots of
pictures hanging on the walls.
There's the ground floor, and
then there's a staircase that
leads up to the second floor,
which is just a large open space
set back from the 1st floor. And
then there's a staircase that
leads up to the third floor,
which is again another.
Open space, set back from the
second floor.
It's very, very crowded. There's
very little space in between the
people. There are hundreds of
people in the picture.
Umm.
It's very chaotic. There is a
lot going on in the scene. There
are people hanging pictures up
and taking pictures down there,
carrying the pictures upstairs
and carrying them across crowded
areas.
There's all kinds of people in
the picture. They're dressed.
Like all different time periods
from all different cultures.
Umm.
There are Roman soldiers.
There are men in overalls, men
that look like they're from
medieval period
It looks like the men in
overalls are like the the
workers of this museum.
There are policemen, there are.
People looking like they're from
like the.
17th century France.
There are people dressed in
Native American costumes there.
Are people in Stoke type top
stove pipe hats
Umm.
Ah, there.
Are people who are actually
working on art in different
parts of the picture
There are some people that have
stretched what looks like an
animal hide out on a frame and
they are.
Painting on that.
There are people that have very
large canvas and.
They are painting a picture of a
knight on a horse and there's a
model posing for the picture.
It's sitting on a wooden horse
holding a broom.
There is a work. There's several
workmen attempting to paste up a
large painting on the wall.
Umm.
That's not framed and it looks
like they've put it's in
sections and they put the third
section on upside down. It's a
picture of a man's face.
But this is 1/3 of his face is
upside down.
Most of the paintings on the
wall are of pictures of people.
They're portraits.
Umm.
There are men, women.
Most of them are close-up
portraits. There's a clown.
There's a couple standing
together.
There's a man in a large cowboy
hat.
It's a man with a large mustache
with orange hair.
There are several pictures up on
the second and third stories
that are actually separate
pictures of the same image, so
it's stretched across multiple
canvases.
There is a campus on the third
floor where it's a picture of a
shark swimming. But the.
They have painted underneath the
picture to make it look like
water is seeping out of the
painting onto the wall.
The frames are.
Many different colors.
They are green and blue and
yellow and white and purple.
They're all different shapes.
They're rectangles and squares.
There's even some triangles and
heart-shaped frames.
Umm.
There are white railings along
the edges of the balconies.
And the staircases.
There are white beams holding up
the second story.
On the first story there.
#END_exhibit-12 Appears to be a
theft taking place and there are
lots of policemen chasing the
thief.
{Next we have another complex
scene.}
{Same thing as before, just
describe what you see in this
scene.}
#START_wild_west This is a
picture portraying what looks
like a town in the Wild West.
And.
It's built in looks like like a
desert area.
The ground is very sandy and
there are lots of buildings and.
There's a Main Street and side
streets. The buildings are.
Mostly two-story with a couple.
One story, but there's nothing
taller than two.
There is a train.
Off to one side of the town.
That is pulling into the
station. It's a red and black
locomotive and there is a red
Stagecoach that is stuck on the
tracks.
And there would appears to be
robbers carrying it.
Lifting it off the tracks and
carrying it over.
Umm.
A lot of the most of the
behavior in the scene is.
Very fanciful. There is a herd
of Buffalo running through one
of the side streets, but they're
actually Buffalo stamps. They're
postage stamps that are about
half the size of the people in
the picture, and it's a picture
of the head of a Buffalo and the
stamps are stampeding through
the town.
Umm.
There is hotel, there are
several saloons, there are lots
of saloons. There's a bank,
there's a jail.
There's a livery stable.
Off.
On the left side of the town,
there looks like they're
entrances to several mines.
There are many, many people in
the town.
Most of them are men that are
wearing.
White or tan cowboy hats.
Umm.
It's the town is.
Constructed as if it's a.
Set perhaps, but not.
It's a very untraditional set.
Umm.
There are different several film
crews.
That appeared to be filming in
different locations.
It looks very disorganized and
busy.
There are some covered wagons
that are coming down the Main
St.
The buildings are all very
brightly colored. They're green
and red and blue and yellow.
And they all all the all the
names of the businesses are
written in very.
Classic Wild West fonts.
Up in the up at the top of the
town, there's a scene.
Being filmed of a man riding off
into the sunset, but the sunset
has been painted on a very large
canvas.
Behind the actor on the horse
and the horses, actually.
Run into the canvas and then
breaking through the center.
Umm.
There are lots of people working
in the town.
Umm.
They are painting.
And there are lots of people on
ladders fixing things.
Umm.
There are lots of horses in the
town.
In the livery stable there's
also a blacksmith, and he is.
Looks like making black
horseshoes.
Down Main Street we also have a
Stampede of gold bars, and there
are.
A lot. A few men running after
the gold bars.
There are the saloons all.
Say saloon, but then they have
different names. There's the
Wild West saloon and the.
Tame E saloon, the pioneer
saloon.
#END_wild_west The one more
saloon.
Next we have.
{Next we have a short story, I
believe. Let me just double
check, OK?}
{OK, yeah. Next we have a short
story.}
{The directions for the short
story.}
{OK, so as a reminder, you're
going to look at a short story
and it'll be a series of
pictures. I'm imagine you were
telling the stories to someone
who could not see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
you see happening as you go
through the story. And then like
before, when you're done
describing one page, let me know
and I can move on to the next
page.}
{And now I'm gonna share my
screen.}
{OK, you could begin when you're
ready.}
#START_quest In this scene we
see.
A large bridge like you would
see in a public park in a large
city.
There's a bridge and then the
tunnel tunnel underneath. It's
raining. It looks like it's
maybe late afternoon. It's
cloudy.
And at the entrance to the
tunnel under the bridge, there
are several statues. There is a
winged young man and there's a
mermaid, and they're both
holding scrolls.
Under the bridge, there are two.
Two young children, maybe
About 12.
They are sheltering from the
rain and the one boy has a large
purple bird on his shoulder.
They their bike is parked off to
the side. It's a 2 seater bike.
And as the one boy is looking
out at the rain, the other child
is looking over and looking at a
large 2 doored.
Wooden entrance to something
under the bridge.
It looks very.
Mysterious.
The man King comes out from the
double doors and surprises both
of the children.
The bird takes flight over them
and the king shows them a piece
of paper he has in his hand with
a circle.
And in the circle around the
edge of the circle there are six
smaller circles, red, orange,
yellow, green, purple and blue.
Both of the children look very
surprised.
The.
One child has a purple piece of
looks like chalk in his hand, a
large piece of purple chalk, and
the other child has a large
piece of red chalk. They.
Kids have fallen over in
surprise. They get up and the
king.
Gives one of them the piece of
paper and puts a.
Belt or sort of sash around the
shoulder of the other child.
He points forward, and as he is
gesturing to forward of them,
several soldiers reach out from
the door and grab the king and
pull him back through.
The.
Soldiers pushed the king back
through the door, and as he has
pulled back, the king gestures
at the children.
The two children look at each
other in surprise.
And excitement. The one boy
looks at his purple crayon or
purple.
Chalk
The other child takes his.
Red Crayon and begins to draw
and he draws a red key.
And the other boy with the
Purple bird draws a purple key.
They then use both their keys to
open the doors and they go
through.
On the other side of the door
they emerge.
Into a large.
Open area.
They have.
Clearly been transported.
To a much different place from
the park there where they
started, they are.
On one side of a river or a
Moat.
And and the other side is a
large castle.
The children are cracked,
crouched behind a rock, and they
can see that the king is being
held on a large paddle boat by
many soldiers. And the boat is
going.
Under the tunnel into the
castle.
Around you can see that the
castle is on fire.
And burning. Many of the turrets
have red flames and smoke coming
out of them.
And in the distance you can see
some clouds and mountains.
But in the sky you can see many.
Three different.
Umm.
Flying.
Flying vehicles which
Sort of look like.
Not not hot air balloons, but
looks like they're being held up
by air in a large tank or or
helium in a large tank, and they
have.
Fans that run them.
The children are looking at the
piece of paper that the king
gave to them.
You can see that the.
Boat has continued under the
tunnel with the king.
And is headed off into the
distance.
Above the tunnel, up on top of
the bridge, there are several
boats that must run in a stream,
and there are many people
looking down at the king.
There's a close up view of the
piece of paper the King has
given them, and it shows a very
detailed map.
And on the map.
In the background is you can
see.
A large land mass.
Separated by water.
On the map there mountains and a
castle.
And it's like temples.
And there are boats in the
water.
In the circle.
Umm.
The in the.
You can see it starts with a a
palm tree and then progresses
to.
A forest with a door in the
trunk of a tree and then a
castle.
And then what looks like a
Grecian temple ruins under the
water.
And then
Tall, pointy building and a
mountain top, and as the map
proceeds in the circle, it picks
up different colors and ends in
a rainbow.
The children continue to hide
behind the rock while their
purple bird flies around them.
The three boats that were up on
top of the bridge have made
their way down to the the river.
And the the leader in his gold.
Uniform is pointing to the rock
as if he has seen the children.
The children climb up on top of
the rock and use their pieces of
chalk to draw.
The boy with the purple piece of
chalk turns the bird into a sea
monster, a Purple Sea monster
with tentacles, and the other
boy draws swim fins and masks
and air tanks. They put them on
and they dive into the water.
The boys clutch onto the
tentacles of the large purple
squid.
And they are pulled down into
the water. The water is very
deep and at the bottom you can
see that they're, they're
swimming into a large.
Uh.
Circular like white marble
ruins.
And in the center is a building
that sort of looks like like the
Parthenon.
Grecian ruins and they are
swimming down towards it. There
are some other tall buildings
surrounding that.
But it looks very abandoned.
The children descend into the
center of the temple ruins,
where they find a pedestal.
Made from several seahorses
back-to-back, it's a carved
pedestal. On top of the
seahorses is a large shell.
And a in the center of the shell
is another piece of chalk that
is yellow.
They pick up the chalk and they
grab back onto the tentacles of
their squid.
And start swimming away. As they
start swimming away, they see
that the man in gold and his
soldiers have also put on scuba
gear and are pursuing them
underwater.
The children arrive back up on
land.
They take off their scuba gear
and the bird starts flying.
The land that they have come up
upon is.
Palm forest. The children then
begin to draw another outline.
{Next page.]
What the children drew was a
large purple rhinoceros and a
saddle with a pavilion on top
for them to ride in.
Rhinoceros starts taking them
down a path towards temple ruins
in the jungle.
In the distance you can see the
ocean.
And a long rope bridge that
leads to a another temple that
is built upon some rocks out in
the Bay.
The children make it all the way
to that bridge and they start
crossing. The Purple bird is
with them.
The temple there making their
way to has a Spire at the very
top with the glowing.
Yellow section.
And the temple is triangular
shaped many, many many stairs
that lead up the sides.
The children make it up to the
top of the Spire and they see
the soldiers are pursuing them
across the rope bridge.
They seem to have nowhere to
escape to.
They start drawing again. The
one child starts to draw a box
and the other one starts to draw
long Oval, purple sections.
They draw a large purple
dragonfly and a swing.
Which is suspended from the
dragonflies legs.
They take off just in the nick
of time as the soldiers reach
for them.
In the background you can see
some of the flying boats are
headed towards them.
The dragonfly is taking them off
towards a snowy mountain range.
They reached the mountain range
and find another temple. This
time it looks like a Buddhist
temple with purple and again
sort of triangular shaped with a
tall Spire on top.
You can see that the men in the
floating air boats are
approaching quickly. At the top
of the Spire they find a teal.
Blue Crayon Chalk piece which
they add to the the belt sash
that the king had given them.
They now have a full rainbow of
pieces of chalk.
Two of the air boats.
Are right on top of them, on top
of the Spire. The man in yellow
is trying to grab the belt, the
Rainbow belt, from the Purple
bird who is trying to save it by
flying off with it. Other
airboats are in the distance,
backing up the men attempting to
grab the belt.
As the bird makes his way off
with the belt.
He starts to draw a rainbow of
light behind him as he drags the
piece of chalk through the air.
This has a sort of scent, like a
it appears to be a shockwave.
Through the air at the men and
the boats, the air boats are
all.
Flipping over and the men are
hanging.
Trying to hang on to the boats.
The bird is flying back towards
the castle where we started.
The bird.
Continues to make the rainbow
and it ends in the boat which is
carrying the king away.
Towards the ocean.
As the rainbow meets the boat,
it knocks some of the soldiers
off into the water. The king
appears to be overjoyed.
The castle is in the background.
It appears that with the making
of the Rainbow, great victory
has been won for the town and
the castle. There are no more
fires or smoke.
It is bright daylight and there
seems to be a victory parade
happening through one of the
streams that runs over the the
bridges in the town.
There are many people in smaller
boats and they are following
behind the large boat with the
king. The purple rhinoceros is
standing in the back of the boat
and the king and the children
are sitting on him waving to the
people. Everyone is throwing
confetti and looking very happy.
The King and his boat take the
children back to the original
door with which they came
through. The king helps the
children down.
And he then places crowns on
their heads.
They go back through the door
and wave goodbye to the king.
The children emerged from the
door and are back under the
tunnel where they started. As
they look out onto their modern
city, they can see there's a
large rainbow.
#END_quest Up over the city.
{The next one is also a short
story. This one has five
slides.}
#START_arrival-1 We see in sepia
tones a framed photograph of a
man, a woman and a young girl.
A hand reaches up and holds the
picture.
It then wraps it up in some
white cloth.
And ties it up with brown string
into a bow.
The the package is then placed
inside a suitcase with some
clothing and the person closes
the suitcase. It's strapped
closed and secured tightly.
There is a origami bird and a
clock.
Hat and a cloth hanging in the
wall, a pot and a spoon.
Hand drawn portrait.
Of a family by a child.
Cracked teapot with steam coming
out, cracked teacup with tea
inside and some photographs or
postcards.
Steamer trunk.
And then the man, the woman and
the child.
The man appears to be the one
who has packed the suitcase and
the woman holding his hand.
They're standing in their
kitchen.
The man and the woman looked
very sad.
There was a little girl asleep
in the bed.
She stirs and wakes up. She
yawns and rubs her eyes.
She has breakfast. She eats
something out of a bowl with a
spoon.
And she looks over and sees the
suitcase.
The man puts on his hat. The
woman puts on her shawl. The
little girl puts on her hat and
her boots and carries the
suitcase to the man.
The man, the woman. Little girl,
go outside.
And walk away.
They are walking down the street
in the town and there's a shadow
on the building behind them of a
Lar long scaly tail.
The little girl looks very
wistful as she is walking
between the man and the woman.
They reach a train station with
a large dark locomotive, lots of
smoke and people waiting for the
train.
The man puts his hand on the
little girl's shoulder and takes
off his hat.
You can see that he has put the
origami bird on his head under
the hat.
He gives the birds the little
girl.
And hugs her. The girl holds the
bird.
The woman cries and hugs the
man.
The man kisses her goodbye and
gets on the train. They hold
hands.
And then let go. The train pulls
away.
The man puts the picture of him
and the woman and the girl up on
top of his suitcase in the train
eats a bowl of something.
#END_arrival-1 He looks out the
window and it's actually a
porthole. The man's has now
gotten on a boat which is very,
very large, and there are many,
many portholes. The boat is
going across the ocean.
{OK, next we have a complex
scene I'm going to.}
{OK, so like before, 3 to 5
minutes to describe this scene.}
#START_picture_this In this
scene we see many, many, many
framed pictures.
They are.
Appear to be laying on the
ground and overlapping.
There is no sense of
organization to the pictures.
Some of them are partially
obscured by other pictures, but
you can see what's going on in
the scenes. They are all framed
in what appears to be wood. Most
of them are brown, some of them
are a golden wood.
A few of them are blue.
These are all.
Portraits.
They all have are they're all
picturing.
People or animals
Doing things.
Some are small, some are much,
much larger.
10 times larger than the
smallest one.
Umm.
This pictures are of.
All different ages of people and
races and.
Genders.
And from all different time
periods.
There is a man being dragged by
a dog. There's a picture of two
soldiers and one soldier is
hitting the other soldier in the
head accidentally with his
sword.
There is a caveman who appears
to have just created the wheel.
There is a man making a muscle
in his bicep there.
Is a skier who is
Gotten stuck inside a very large
snowball and is rolling down a
hill.
There are two court gestures
having a fight.
There are two sumo wrestlers
having a fight.
There is a 2 headed fish.
There.
Is another.
Caveman leaning against a rock
laying down.
There is Caveman holding a club
with a bear has come up behind
him and is tapping him on the
shoulder. There's a man and a
yellow smock look face to face
with a large purple dragon who
is very angry.
there's a man on a motorcycle
who looks angry because the air
has come out of his tire.
And he is shaking his fist at
someone.
There.
Is a man in red robes throwing a
bucket of water onto another
person wearing pink robes
In all the pictures.
They they all have plain
backgrounds. There's no
background scenery in any of
them.
There is a picture of a woman
wearing a pink dress with a red
purse over her shoulder.
There is one picture is of a
pink.
Fist.
Umm.
There is a picture of a pink
flag with a yellow.
Face on the flag.
There is a picture of a tree
that is making, has a face on it
and is sticking out its tongue.
There is a portrait of a wizard
with a long white beard and a
blue hat and a multi colored
staff.
There are two men riding on a
rocket.
One of them is wearing blue and
one of them is wearing red and
they're wearing helmets.
There is a person who has taken
a red pie to the face.
And there is.
Red pie juice splashing
everywhere.
There are two people dressed in
robes in pink and blue robes,
and the man in the blue robe is
bending over.
At the very bottom of the
picture. The only thing in the
picture that is not in a frame
is a caveman like figure wearing
a furry animal skin around his
waist like a skirt.
And it appears that he has
gotten out of his own picture,
which is a little higher up.
Because you can see the outline
of where he was in the frame and
he has left his frame and is
walking out of the scene.
There is a portrait of a witch
with green skin and a tall
pointy hat, long green nose.
There.
Is a man leaning against a palm
tree.
And it's shaking the tree, and
brown fruit seems to be falling
out of it and hitting another
man in the head.
There is a portrait of three
Ducks, 3 brown ducks.
There is a tiger.
Wearing a green turban around
its head.
There is a portrait of a wolf.
There is a red dragon wearing
sunglasses, looking very angry.
There is kangaroo
There is a man who is naked and
is holding a bunch of leaves up
in front of him.
There is a man wearing a yellow
suit.
And a green shirt with a black
bolo tie and a yellow white
cowboy hat.
There is a man wearing a red
tank top and he has a.
Green Hood pulled over his head
and with three holes cut out for
his eyes.
There.
#END_picture_this Is a man with
a big bushy Greek brown beard
and bushy hair with a red shirt
on on a blue background.
{OK, perfect. Let me see what I
let's see what the next one is.
So we did.}
{OK, so next one's a story. I'm
going to share my screen.}
{OK, so same thing as before.
Describe what you see and then
let me know when you would like
to move on.}
#START_wanderer In the 1st frame
we see two men.
Attempting to fold a very large
piece of paper.
They are seemed to be standing
on a wooden deck.
The one man is wearing a dark
costume with like a horned hat.
And his face is covered over by
a black hood.
He is kneeling next to the
piece of paper and the other man
is wearing a striped shirt and
has long hair and a beard.
The pictures are in Grayscale.
The they continue to fold the
large piece of paper, the one
man helping the other man.
They keep folding until they
have made what looks like a
large paper hat. They then fold
up the corners.
And.
You see that they have made a
very large paper boat.
They then
Take the boat and put it in the
water.
And in the next scene you can
see the small paper boat
approaching a very very large.
Sailing vessel.
Instead of sales it has like.
Many different sizes of very
long wind socks that are
attached to the mask where sales
would be.
They are striped. The vessel is
dark.
It has rigging on the back of
the vessel you can see.
Tall enclosed structure with
lots of windows.
You can see below the surface of
the water and at the bottom of
the boat is a very large globe
shaped.
Umm.
Thing sticking off from the
bottom of the boat and you can
see there are Windows round
porthole windows on the sides of
it and you can see light inside.
{Next page.]
We are now looking down at the
ocean from above.
There are many, many waves
spaced out evenly. The little
paper boat is making its way up
from the bottom left.
And there are white seabirds
flying across the scene.
They have. They are mostly
white, with black edges of their
wings, black spots on their
heads, and a little bit of black
on their tails.
We see that.
What seemed to be large sea
turtles and a sunfish are
approaching the little paper
boat.
The sea turtles look inside.
The paper boat.
The turtles have checkerboard
shells and.
Plaid bodies. The sunfish is
huge compared to the size of the
boat.
And it's black with white spots.
The sunfish takes the paper boat
and puts it on its top fin like
a little hat.
The sunfish descends mostly most
of its body below the surface of
the water, with just a little
bit sticking out with the hat on
top.
We can see that under the water
there is lots of coral and
schools of fish. There's also a
swordfish and he seems to have
speared several smaller fish on
his sword.
We see an even closer view of
the coral field.
There are.
Many, many hundreds of fish in
different schools flowing over
the coral.
Some of the fish have horizontal
stripes.
Some of them have vertical
stripes. There are a couple of
fish that are much larger than
the fish in the schools. There
are some.
Frown like.
Underwater seaweeds and.
Some look like many many fingers
sticking up.
The.
Little boat has gotten away from
the sunfish and continues to
float over the surface of the
water while it is being
approached by some small squid
like.
Animals.
We can see in the foreground of
the picture there are two beings
that are have humanoid bodies
but have a fish.
Body mounted where their head
would be. In the first scene we
see that they are the two of
them are holding hands and
kissing.
There is as the boat continues,
there's a fishing pole sticking
out of the boat and a fish has
been caught.
The other fish are looking up at
this and there's another.
Humanoid fish being holding a
pair of scissors and looking in
dismay at the fish on the line.
There is a shark.
Behind the humanoid fish.
There is a large piece of coral
in the middle of the scene and
there are many fish swimming
around it.
One of the larger fish has.
Swam up to the surface of the
water and has a.
Seahorse up on its nose, looking
into the boat. The seahorse is
wearing a smaller paper hat.
The seahorse gets into the boat
and continues sailing along.
It's go. It goes over a large
school of.
Rays Stingrays and.
Skate fish.
On the bottom of the ocean you
can see many, many eel heads
sticking up.
There is a a large.
Snake eel.
Tube running from the bottom of
the ocean up into the boat.
The boat continues along with
the seahorse inside of it.
It is approaching land which
has.
Many, many tall tree shaped
growths on top of it and in the
growths are many white.
Cranes.
Umm.
Sitting in the trees.
The boat makes its way in
amongst these.
Tree grows which are growing.
Their roots are growing up out
of the water.
You can see under the water
there are many fish swimming
around.
As the boat gets into the
interior of this.
Forest. There are some dark
creatures with large glowing
eyes looking down upon the boat.
The boat makes its way out
through the other side of this.
Sea Forrest. The seahorse looks
down and sees.
Another sort of.
Humanoid fish creature riding a
lobster like it's a like it's
it's horse has reins tied around
the front of the lobster. The
seahorse jumps off back into the
ocean and little hat flies off.
The boat continues along.
The boat.
Floats by a large whale that is
mostly underwater with just the
tip of its head sitting up
above. There are birds landing
and perching on the whales head
and he is smoking a pipe out of
his blowhole.
He then the boat, then
approaches another.
Whale like creature, but this
one has.
Many sharp teeth and glowing
eyes.
It has legs and claws like
massive lobster claws have
pinchers.
And many, many curly tails on
the back of it. It's standing up
on the large mound of.
Shipwrecks.
And it is using. It has a
fishing pole sticking out of its
blowhole with.
Something suspended from the end
of it, like a like a large box.
It is.
nearly dark in this picture.
The sun is setting in the back
of the picture and you can see
the surface of the ocean has
many fantastic.
Sea creatures.
Going along the top of it,
they're giant.
See fish elephants and a fish
lion.
And leopards and zebras.
There are some large.
Pigeon like things flying
through the air and the moon is
in the background, but it has
fins like a fish.
The little boat.
Is going amidst all the animals
and a cat.
Like fish jumps into it.
It is very dark and the middle
of the night. Now a little boat
continues along the surface of
the ocean. There are many stars
in the sky and the moon is very
thin.
Underneath the surface of the
water you can see many many.
Creatures with bright glowing
eyes crowding up under the boat
looking at it.
The creatures all emerge from
under the surface of the water
and pack themselves tightly
around the boat and survey it.
The glowing eyed creatures swim
away.
And you can see what appeared to
be Northern Lights up in the sky
over the boat.
The boat is now approaching a
large iceberg.
It has made its way into a field
of ice where there are lots of
floating pieces of ice.
And mountains covered in snow
and ice in the background there
are caverns and tunnels under
the ice, and the boat makes its
way amongst them.
The boat comes out of the other
side of the.
Icefield.
And a.
A A large tentacle comes up from
under the water and shines a
light onto the boat like a
spotlight.
A very large creature emerges
from under the water, it looks
like.
It's got.
Legs and arms, but they end in
fish fins and it's wearing scuba
diving equipment with water
flowing out of the eye holes.
The being picks up the boat and
looks at it. There's another
being in the background behind
it.
The boat is continuing along in
the ocean and is now daytime
again. It is approaching very,
very large steel steamships.
Many, many stories tall, and the
steamships have.
Suspended from the side, massive
bags.
Containing something.
It appears the boat is now.
Approaching.
A structure that has been built
on.
A platform out in the ocean
looks like some sort of.
Oil refinery or fishery or
something? It's got many
smokestacks and the smoke that
is coming out is so thick and
voluminous that it looks like
it's night. There are many, many
birds.
Falling from the sky and
floating in the on the surface
of the ocean.
You can see that there are
cranes coming out of the side of
the structure, and one of the
cranes is holding a whale up by
its tail.
As the boat perches the
structure, men come out of
little doors on the side and
start shooting at it.
The boat takes a hit to the top
and has a a burned hole in the
top of it.
There is also a person riding
some sort of like rocket boat
along the surface of the ocean,
and they're shooting at that as
well.
There's a large claw descending
from the structure as if just
catch the person on the boat.
The person.
Rocket boat starts to sink and
it climbs up onto the nose as if
to jump into the boat.
The person.
Ties themselves to the back of
the boat and tows along behind
it.
The boat is approaching.
A large shell that has been made
into a sailing vessel.
The shell is filled with
fantastic creatures with.
Stars and checkers and stripes
on their skin. One looks like a
horse, one looks like a deer.
There are there's a person.
Dressed like a jester.
There are several humanoid
creatures, and one is sitting up
on top of the mast looking down
at the boat. It has a large
glowing horn coming out of its
head.
There is a massive wave.
And the little boat is up on the
bottom side of the wave, curling
up and over.
The shell boat is.
Continuing towards the wave and
the creature at the top,
humanoid creature has a paper
airplane in his hand and looks
like he's going to launch it
towards the boat.
There is lightning in the
background and the little boat
is still making its way across
the ocean. The paper airplane is
soaring above.
The little boat sails into.
A large field of.
Sea serpent coils which are
making.
Large.
Tunnels for the boat to sail
through.
The head of the sheep serpent is
visible in the center of this
field and it has grabbed the
paper airplane out of the sky.
The sea serpent had seized the
little boat and there are other
heads visible through one of the
tunnels surveying the little
boat as well.
One of the creatures shirts
spraying water from its nostrils
into the little paper boat and,
as if to fill it, to sink it.
In the foreground you can see a.
Fish man, creature with.
Legs wearing striped swim
trunks, but it has a fish head
and fish fins for arms.
A little boat sinks below the
surface of the ocean into a
field of jellyfish. These are.
Short and wide jellyfish with
Seabiscuit type.
Tops.
There is a.
Large jellyfish, larger than all
the rest of them, headed towards
the little boat.
Very long tentacles.
The little boat has gone deeper
into the ocean, where there's no
light penetrating. It's going by
a large school of fish with
glowing eyes.
And.
A octopus with.
Webbing between its legs is.
Watching the little boat, there
are lots of.
Glowing deep water sea
creatures.
Little boat sinks all the way
down to the bottom of the ocean
and three.
Slug like creatures with lots of
tentacles coming out of them are
crawling all over the boat.
Somehow the boat is illuminated
by a beam of light coming from
the surface.
Then see a submarine is emerging
from the deep and has speared a
little boat on the its nose.
There are lots of divers
swimming around the submarine
and the large sea serpent is in
the foreground watching it.
The submarine emerges from the
ocean.
It's nose breaks the surface and
the little boat.
The water pours out a little
boat and it floats away.
Then you see a.
Smaller vessel is being
attacked.
By a very, very large squid with
many tentacles, and the little
boat continues to sail away.
There are a herd of seals
frolicking and one of the seals
is bouncing the paper boat up on
its nose.
The seals are swimming built
beneath the surface.
There is then.
A thick.
Field of seaweed.
The little boat is sailing over.
The seaweed that is below the
surface of the water there are
jellyfish and.
Lots of other kinds of fish.
There's a skate and then there's
also.
Very very large oyster which a
diver has.
Used mechanical implement to
Jack open the mouth of the
oyster and is removing a large
Pearl from inside.
The Pearl Fisher Person has
emerged up on the surface.
He is riding some sort of long
striped serpent creature.
And is.
Floating next to a buoy with
several other humanoid fish
creatures climbing on it.
You can see in the background.
A tall striped black and white
striped lighthouse with a woman
standing next to it surveying
the boat. You can see some large
steamships in the background and
a smaller one.
The little boat is approaching
land.
You can see a long.
A long sort of.
Jetty.
Sticking way out into the ocean.
An open framed jetty that is.
Many times taller above the
surface of the water than the
paper boat. There are walkways
and lighted paths up on the top
of the jetty.
You can see a harbor beyond.
The.
Little paper boat is alongside a
very, very large steamship.
There are several boats also
alongside the steamship and you
can see this the checkered
submarine.
Below the surface of the water
in the background, you can see a
city.
There is a.
Large whale wearing a scuba
diving.
Outfit that has pulled itself up
onto the.
One of the peers in the harbor.
There is a person who is sitting
in a bucket which has been
raised up to be closer to the
top of the whale and seems to be
conversing with the whale.
There are many people standing
on the walkways looking at the
boats and the little boat
continues to go by.
It's a little boat continues to
go alongside the buildings. Up
on land you can see a shipyard
and cranes lifting shipping
containers off of the larger
boats.
There are some smaller boats in
the harbor.
There is a large sea horse
shaped.
Underwater vessel which has been
pulled up from under the water.
With a checkered surface there
you can see a small staircase
emerging up out of the water and
a little door.
One of the boats has caught.
Two of the large creatures from
a previous scene in a in a large
net and has hoisted them up
above the surface of the water.
The little boat is up alongside
this boat and the fisherman is
looking at it.
The boat continues.
Along the harbor and has reached
another little staircase that is
descends from the walkway down
to the edge of the water. A man
is standing on the walkway
looking at the boat.
It is night in this Harborside
city and the little boat is
continuing down a river that
flows through it.
You can see many, many tall
buildings.
Many stories tall, with lots and
lots of windows. Some are lit up
and some are dark. Some of the
roofs are checkered, some are
domes.
It is very dark in the city.
The little boat is alongside a
walkway adjacent to the water
and the group of people from the
Shell boat.
Is leaving their boat and going
up a staircase into the city.
The.
Oyster fisherman has tied up his
creature alongside the walkway
and is.
Sitting on the stairs, smoking,
the little boat continues deeper
into the town.
The little boat.
Continues into the town. It goes
by a school of.
Bright eyed fish that have stuck
their heads up above the surface
of the water and the submarine
is tied up and dark.
There are many Street lights
illuminating the walkways and
stars in the background. The
moon is now full.
Little boat.
Is sailing through a more wooded
area now.
And you can see one single
building.
Up amongst the trees with one
light in front of it.
The little boat.
#END_wanderer A little boat
pulls up along the pier and a
person emerges from inside the
boat. The person has dark skin
and many different symbols
painted on on their skin. The
person walks up a stairway and
meets another person.
{OK, if you need to take like a
3 to 5 minute break, we can do
so now. I'm just going to take a
quick break.}
{Just, I'm just going to run to
the bathroom right back. Sounds
good. Thank you.}
#START_birthday_party_fun There
are many, many children at this
birthday party.
Maybe 100 or more.
They are all running around and.
Getting into a lot of trouble.
They all seem to be wearing
costumes, all different kinds of
costumes.
There is a waiting pool set up.
And a big bouncy castle.
There's a table with presents on
it.
And.
There's a long table.
Off to the side with.
Different kinds of food and
cake. There are salad and
sandwiches and cupcakes and
chips.
There is several stacks of red
plates and pink and white
napkins, and the children are
serving themselves different
kinds of food.
There are some games going on in
the picture. There's a group of
children hitting a pinata with a
stick, and another group of
children is playing tug of war.
Most of the people in the
picture are children. There are
a couple sets of parents.
One set of parents is carrying a
birthday cake with lighted
candles and.
Looks like they're going to set
it on the table with the other
food.
In the center of the scene and
in the backyard there is a
garden, a small garden with.
Hollyhocks and the tree in the
center with paper lanterns and
some roses and tulips.
Around the edges of the yard are
some more bushes and tulips, and
more trees with paper lanterns
hanging from it.
The bouncy castle is very large
and has about 20 children using
it. It is.
It has yellow walls and red
turrets and a blue and purple
striped floor.
The children are wearing
costumes that are using it.
There's one dressed as.
Iron Man, just one is a witch.
There's a pink Bunny, a black
bat.
Umm.
A red devil.
Vampire a jester.
There's a group of children who
are in like a.
Zoo Safari theme there's an
elephant and a tiger and a
Penguin.
An alligator.
A giraffe and then one of the
children is dressed up as like
a.
Zookeeper and is chasing them
with a net.
There are several kids dressed
as robots.
There is a.
Girl.
Dressed as an Angel and.
Another child dressed as a devil
is jumping up out of the bushes
to scare her.
There are also.
Many.
Small Penguins.
#END_birthday_party_fun In the
scene running around.
{That's perfect. Let me OK, the
next one is a.}
{Short story, it's approximately
20 size.}
{Same thing as before, just tell
me when to move on with each.}
#START_journey In this scene
there is a sepia toned.
City.
We see a cutaway of townhouse.
Child is sitting on the front
porch.
The front steps with his head on
his knees, looking sad.
There's a red scooter leaning
against a post. Inside the house
we can see several rooms with a
woman cooking in the kitchen, a
man upstairs on the computer,
and another child sitting on a
couch playing a video game.
The little boy takes his scooter
into the kitchen.
And looks into the sink.
He gets a kite and takes it
upstairs to his to the man who
is looking at the computer.
He takes a ball to the person
sitting on the sofa playing the
video game.
None of them respond to him.
He then goes into what appears
to be his bedroom and sits on
his bed looking very sad. You
can see the city out of a single
window.
He has a dresser and there's a
Gray cat sitting on the floor.
The cat stands up and walks out
of the room and reveals that it
has been sitting on a red piece
of chalk.
The little boy gets off the bed
and picks up the piece of chalk.
He draws a door in the wall.
and goes through it.
The door opens up into a.
Large green forest. There are
many tall trees and strings of
lights hanging from the trees.
There are blue lanterns hanging
from the trees as well.
There's a stream that runs
through the middle of the
forest.
The little boy.
Sees a dock.
And stands on the end of it,
looking down into the stream.
He bends over the edge of the
dock and draws a small red boat.
He gets into it and he sails
away.
The stream.
Emerges out of the forest and
joins a larger river. On the
other Bank of the river is a
very large.
Castle city.
There it is, a walled city with
lots of different shapes and
sizes of turrets.
There are buildings inside the
city with large gold domes.
There are water filled pathways
that make their way throughout
the city.
The little boat continues into
the city on one of the little
water pathways and.
The child is greeted.
By several soldiers in green
uniforms. They wave at the
child.
The boat continues along the
pathway to a small waterfall and
the boat goes over.
The boy quickly draws.
Another object with his red
piece of chalk.
He's drawn a red hot air
balloon, which he floats away
in, waving down at the soldiers.
The hot air balloon.
Is approaching a large.
Airship.
You can see that on one of the
ships there is a man in a gold
costume and he is appears to be
pursuing a purple bird floating
through the flying through the
air. There are several soldiers
trying to catch the bird with a
net.
There is a much larger airship
which the smaller airships dock
at. It is powered by a
smokestack in the center and.
Has a large paddle wheel in the
bottom.
The soldiers have caught the
bird and put it in a gold cage.
The boy lands on the boat with
his.
Hot air balloon and runs.
Up.
To the turret and climbs the
ladder to where they are keeping
the bird high above on a gold
pavilion.
The boy grabs the cage and gets
it away from the soldiers. He
runs.
Down and.
Goes out the bottom of the boat.
He then stands on a small
platform, opens the cage and
releases the bird.
The man in the gold costume
grabs the boy's crayon and
throws it over the side of the
vessel.
Several soldiers hold the boy
back.
The boy is then put into a.
Cage and lowered down from the
bottom of the vessel.
The Purple bird has caught the
red crayon and has brought it
back to the boy. The boy then
starts drawing while the bird
watches.
The boy draws a flying carpet,
which he escapes on over the
city.
It is now night and the boy
continues to fly on his carpet.
Following the purple bird.
He lands his carpet in the
desert. There's a single palm
tree with a small purple door.
The bird lands next to it. The
boy crouches down and opens the
door.
He goes through.
He emerges from a mailbox back
into the city from the original
drawing. The purple bird comes
with him. Another boy runs
towards the the boy, clutching a
purple crayon and looking very
excited. He holds the bird and
helps the boy up.
The boy draws a red circle and
the other boy draws a purple
circle.
#END_journey They combined their
circles into a bicycle and pedal
away.
{OK, next we have another short
story. This one's only three
slides.}
{Same thing as before, let me
know.}
#START_arrival-2 Three women sit
together looking sad next to a
suitcase. Three men sit together
and next some more suitcases. A
woman holds a baby. Man sits on
his suitcase and writes in a
book.
He then tears the page out of
the book and begins folding it
into an origami bird.
He looks at the bird.
He looks over his shoulder and
stands up.
He looks all around and up into
the air.
You can see a large flock of
white birds is flying over.
The boat all the people are on.
There are lots of smokestacks on
the boat.
The boat appears to be
approaching a large city.
The city has.
It's very smoky and obscured,
you can see.
Birds and airships over the
city.
There are two immense.
Sculptures at the front of the
city of each of a different
person standing on a large stone
boat, and the two creatures are
the two people are shaking hands
over the two boats. They each
have a creature with them.
The large steamship pulls into
the harbor. There is a crowd of
people waiting to get off.
A man with a megaphone gives
directions and the gate is
opened. The people pick up their
suitcases and walk off the boat.
#END_arrival-2 They stand in a
crowd on the dock.
{Hey, next is a short story.
That's two slides.}
#START_arrival-3 A boy stands on
a sidewalk holding newspapers
and large sheets of paper with
writing in an unknown language
on it.
A person holds a large white cat
with a long tail.
There is a mechanical push cart.
Being pushed along by a man with
a hat.
And he has a basket tied to the
front of the pushcart with a
sort of porcupine looking animal
in it.
Two people.
Hold massive eggs and.
Next to a crate of other massive
eggs.
A man gives another man a shave
as he sits in the chair.
There are two men on the
sidewalk.
Playing different kinds of
unknown instruments and there
are horned birds all around them
on the sidewalk.
A group of women sit on the
sidewalk.
And read and knit.
The man from the boat.
Stands looking confused with
this suitcase.
The man opens up a pocket watch
and looks at the time. He then
looks at the time upon a
building.
He walks along with his
suitcase.
Past different stores.
Suddenly there are small glowing
orbs floating through the air.
He tries to touch one.
And then they all go whizzing
away. His hat falls off.
He picks it up and looks at a
book.
The book is in an unknown
language, man.
Bent over and taps him on the
shoulder. He offers him his
hand.
The two of whom talk.
The one man.
Draws a picture for the other
man, and the man seems to have
an idea.
The man gestured for him to
follow him, and the man with the
suitcase follows him along.
#END_arrival-3 The second man
has a satchel on his back with
an animal.
{OK, next we have a complex
scene.}
{Um, so just describe what you
see in the scene.}
{And you could be when you're
ready.}
#START_campsite This is a scene
of.
Multiple large grassy fields.
That are walled by hedges.
Some of the fields are very
large, while some of them are
small.
There are white pathways in
between them.
And there is a stream that runs
down the center.
There is a bridge that goes over
the stream.
In the background you can see
more and more fields going off
into the distance with some
trees.
And people are camping in the
different fields.
One field is.
Has nine different.
RV's or campers in it?
And the people have.
Have all gotten out of their
RV's and are talking to each
other and.
Setting up.
One of the RV's has smoke coming
out of it.
There is a man barbecuing.
There are lots and lots of
people in the pathways.
Some of them are fishing in the
stream, some of them are waving
at people in the boat.
Some of them are talking to each
other.
There is a man riding a bicycle
and a little boy is sprinkling
tacks in front of it.
There are a couple of dogs.
There is a group of.
Boy Scouts, perhaps, and they
seem to be doing some kind of
exercise.
Some of those scouts are
learning.
How to start a fire?
In one of the smaller fields,
there are several bulls being
held. There's a gate and a break
in the hedge. People are
standing around and looking at
the Bulls. Some of the people
have jumped the hedge and are
antagonizing the Bulls.
Uh.
From emerging
From the edge of the scene.
Is a large group of travelers
who look like they have been
hiking for a long, long time.
They're having holding them very
heavy packs on their backs and
using walking sticks.
Towards the front of the line,
the people have fallen down or
crawling along on their hands
and knees towards a water
faucet.
In another.
Section field people are camping
in tents.
There are all different kinds of
tents, all different shapes, all
different colors.
Some peak, some blue, some are
yellow. One of the tents appears
to be occupied by hippies, and
they have flowers painted all
over their tent.
They're wearing fringe jackets
and have long hair and beards.
One of them is playing guitar.
One of the tents is actually a
teepee and there are several
Native Americans sitting outside
it.
One of the tents.
Seems to have fallen down and
people are trying to put it back
up again.
And they're all different ages
of people.
In the different fields, there
are children, there are adults.
In the stream there are fish.
There are several mermaids.
There's a boat.
With six bodybuilders on it and
they are waving to the women on
the shore.
There is a red canoe with two
people in it and the man is
standing up and has whacked his
head on the underside of the
bridge.
There are several ducks. There
is a shark fin.
Umm.
In the background you can see a
larger white Road
Umm.
With hedges on either side and
the Stonewall.
There are people riding bikes on
this road.
One of the bikes is a large
old-fashioned bike with the
enormous front wheel.
The.
People in the.
RV campground.
Umm.
are
All standing around, but none of
them seem to be.
Doing anything in particular
Umm.
There are several dogs there.
Umm.
There are some elderly couples
that have canes.
#END_campsite It is sunny out.
It's daytime.
{Let me see what we have next.
OK, now this is the last one
that we have and it is a.}
{And you could begin when you're
ready.}
#START_airport This scene is an
airport.
You can see.
The runway in the background.
And then the main.
Taxi area with lots of planes.
There is an.
Airplane terminal in the
foreground.
And in the background you can
see the radio tower.
There.
Is 1 plane that has pulled up
next to a building and has the
tube shaped pathway attached to
it would be able to get off.
One of the planes has.
Pulled up and has the rolling
walkway up to it so people can
get off that way.
There are multiple luggage
carts.
And service vehicles for the
different airplanes.
Most of the planes are modern
planes, but there is one by
plane.
Of.
You can also see a helicopter.
And a hot air balloon.
There are lots of airport
employees running around and
doing things. They're all
wearing blue jumpsuits.
They are adding fuel to the
plane and moving the luggage and
directing the people.
There is an airport fire engine
racing across the center and.
Person is spraying.
A crowd of people. They are
headed towards a.
Large cloud of smoke which is
being produced by several
airport workers taking a break
and smoking.
There is a forklift.
Which has a very large fork up
on its lift section.
And is raised up in the air.
In the terminal you can see lots
and lots of people waiting,
waiting to get on planes.
There are two baggage collection
areas.
There is a desk with airport
employees.
Who are looking through people's
luggage?
One of the people, one of the
employees, is looking through a
woman's suitcase and throwing
all the items out of the
suitcase.
2 airport security officers have
caught a man who is wearing a
trench coat.
And has lots of watches.
Sewn into the lining of his
coat.
There are people helping people.
Look at their tickets and look
for their luggage. There's a
large luggage carousel in the
corner going around and people
are pulling their suitcases off.
A little boy is riding the
luggage carousel.
Umm.
In the far background you can
see the different aircraft that
have taken off already.
There are several modern planes.
There is a plane.
The long nose like the Concorde.
There.
Is an airship.
There's a biplane and there's a
spaceship.
Flying saucer.
The planes are all different
colors. One has blue stripe, one
has a green stripe, one has a
red stripe.
Umm.
There's a yellow one.
The biplane is orange.
#END_airport And it has an ace
of spades playing card sitting
in its cockpit.